feat(NODE-6503): Add Int32 as a SchemaType (#1)
mongodb-js/mongoose: docs/schematypes.md

typeof question.answer; // 'bigint'
```

### Int32 {#int32}

Mongoose supports 32-bit integers as a SchemaType.
Int32s are stored as [32-bit integers in MongoDB (BSON type "int")](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/bson-types/).

```javascript
const studentsSchema = new Schema({
  id: Int32
});
const Student = mongoose.model('Student', schema);

const student = new Student({ id: 1339 });

> typeof student.id; // 'number'

Author: Can we note that Int32s throw if the value is not coercible losslessly to an int32?

Reviewer: Yep, done! And added some more tests for the cases in which a `CastError` should not be thrown.

typeof question.answer; // 'bigint'
```

### Int32 {#int32}

Mongoose supports 32-bit integers as a SchemaType.
Int32s are stored as [32-bit integers in MongoDB (BSON type "int")](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/bson-types/).

```javascript
const studentsSchema = new Schema({
  id: Int32
});
const Student = mongoose.model('Student', schema);

const student = new Student({ id: 1339 });
typeof student.id; // 'number'
```

> There are several types of values that will be successfully cast to a Number.

Author: ```suggestion
There are several types of values that will be successfully cast to an Int32.
```

```javascript
new Student({ id: '15' }).id; // 15 as a Int32
new Student({ id: true }).id; // 1 as a Int32
new Student({ id: false }).id; // 0 as a Int32
new Student({ id: { valueOf: () => 83 } }).id; // 83 as a Int32
new Student({ id: '' }).id; // null as a Int32
```

If you pass an object with a `valueOf()` function that returns a Number, Mongoose will
call it and assign the returned value to the path.

The values `null` and `undefined` are not cast.

The following inputs will result will all result in a [CastError](validation.html#cast-errors) once validated, meaning that it will not throw on initialization, only when validated:
- NaN
- strings that cast to NaN
- objects that don't have a `valueOf()` function
- a decimal that must be rounded to be an integer

> - an input that represents a value beyond the bounds of an 32-bit integer

Author: ```suggestion
- an input that represents a value ouside the bounds of an 32-bit integer
```

Reviewer: Done!
